today we're gonna be taking a look at
the Nike Mercurial Vapor 8 and the
seaweed Walt challenge red color way so
you can see the swoosh right there and
the one on the instep and the upper is
contains the same finish at the Euro
2012 one day and it's not actual leather
it's still the same paging synthetic
upper it just contains a different
finish instead of the suede one like the
launch colorways then you should see the
back and it's darker because of two
layers like I've always mentioned in the
videos so you can see the studs overall
it's a pretty nice pull away not too
bright you know and also the common
question I get every day is if these
break easily or if they have a design
flaw and personally I haven't
experienced it with my own pair and I
usually play on firm ground I never use
them for turf if I play on turf I
usually use a pair of t-90s or tiempos
or something like that since these
aren't really you know built for that so
you might as well try and not use them
for that and if you're gonna use them on
turf be prepared to you know get a lot
of scuffs and stuff like that because
the only problems I've heard are from
people who use them on turf and you know
these aren't really built for turf so if
you're looking or you usually play a lot
on turf then I would say go with a pair
of you know maybe t-90s or ctr360 s
since those contain you know much more
durable studs on there but overall it's
a pretty nice other way
you can see the mercurial bag you get on
it just contains the volt looks white
you know I guess when it hits the light
but its overall pull as you see today
and the Sheikh see there as well and
also before I forget we got soccer
recently added some more items to their
sales section so make sure you check it
out they have the two launched colorways
for like I believe it's 138 with their
discount but if you want more
information make sure to check the
description I'll put a post on there on
the website you know about the sales and
make sure you check them out because
sizes are running out but as always
thanks for watching